hey guys so my manager and best friend
sent me my birthday present and I think
we can all agree that she is insane now
um this was a very very surprise
birthday present she didn't give me any
hints or anything mr. panda and Daria
new but no one would tell me anything
and the suspense was killing me now the
box arrived and she told me to cover up
the label but the side of the box kind
of gave away the contents but I'm still
gonna open it up for you guys and share
my joy with you ok guys I think I'm
gonna be able to show you like this um
let's see if I can do this so here are
the instructions and stuff also look at
it later but yes here it is ok kill that
is guys it's an arm ok then this is the
main thing um I'm gonna pull it out and
then show you guys tada guys it's a
Donald Duck sewing machine can you
believe it I have been wanting a sewing
machine for about I want to say two
years now since I moved into this house
that's only been a year and a half but
before that you know I kind of want a
sewing machine my mom does sewing and I
always thought it was really cool and
I've always wanted my own machine and I
started making some pullip things and
stuff here and there so I am a horrible
hand so er I have no patience whatsoever
and I kind of had been wanting a sewing
machine for a while now and I never got
around to getting one just because and
they are pricey so um Sylvia surprised
me with this a beautiful Donald Duck
sewing machine for my birthday oh my
goodness this is like the craziest gift
I have ever received and the only hint
she gave me was it's going to be useful
so I'm gonna put this too
good you Sylvia and I love you so much
and you just wait and the rest of you
guys you are all amazing too I
appreciate all your birthday wishes and
thank you so much this has been the best
birthday year ever and I say that every
year and I am blessed to be able to say
that every year you guys are all awesome
and thank you so much for all your love
and support now hopefully I will be able
to learn how to use this machine and sew
some cool things and show you guys I
hope you look forward to that and I will
see you guys next time bye